the global and factory-built vehicle
of production of the real port in the
January pg 208 arrives in April the network
of branded dealers one year after
its worldwide launch in Europe as a
of the most modern vehicles in its
segment in the country
the design of the new hatch beck received the
more daring specification already
established by pj to develop a
vehicle
so 208 is based on a proposal
innovative way of reinterpreting the
driving supported on three axles design
combines dynamism and elegance
driving experience marked by a
totally interior architecture
rethought and technology with an offer of
equipment only found in
vehicles of higher categories
208 uses the most current version of
platform of compact vehicles of pejô
for its innovative architecture the model
compared to the national 207 increased the
space for passengers' knees
back in 80 mm
the wheelbase grew to 2 thousand 541
mm the largest among its
direct competitors
the trunk increased by 40 liters in a
total of 285 liters and the tank
fuel has gained 5 liters
to 55 liters of total capacity in
relation to design
208 presents the new identity of the
brand in the front lights in a led guide
luminous emphasize the optical assembly
both day and night
the shape of the foglamps and the
front air intake carved reinforce
the modernity of its design
the design also includes a line
center that crosses the bonnet and leaves its
mark in the center of the ceiling
Harmoniously printing sensation
from vehicle to rear
the ascending waistline shows a
carved side marked by new
15- inch and 16-inch wheels with
bicolor treatment your lights behind
Boomerang- shaped fairs have a
signature highlighted by lights
LEDs and light guides in the period 208
driving license was totally
rethought and puts the driver in a
position other than the one usually
known
the high instrument panel allows
that the reading of the information is made
over the steering wheel that has small
flat base diameter and is in position
lower
further enhancing the innovative character
and fun to drive
new hatch beck so that anyone
you are in an ideal position to drive
the steering wheel is perfectly aligned
with an accent on the instrument panel and
pedals your steering column has
adjusting the height and depth and
driver's seat features
active height at 208 the driver and the
front passenger is within reach of the
a multimedia center with a
large 7-inch color screen
with connectivity
intuitive menu navigation allows you to
control the function of the GPS trigger
bluetooth radio system for
cell phone streaming audio or read
files via USB connection can still
access the devices connected to the
auxiliary input such as an ipod
also interact with numerous
car settings as the function of
automatic ignition of headlights
units of measure of consumption function
spoke mion among others
the new hatch beck from pg still has
other equipment that helps
provide new sensations at the wheel
with a power assisted steering
variable needs informative and agile to
technology is present in the 208 in all
the senses
the steering wheel has controls for the
control of the radio functions of the
bluetooth automatic air conditioning
digital bizone is the first time a
vehicle of segment b has
rear obstacle sensor equipment
automatic pilot light and
speed limiter
the 208 is still
with sequential control and
anti crush function for the driver
electrical locks with
car locking mechanism with the
vehicle moving and function told me
home that keeps the headlights on for a
determined time when leaving the car between
others with the refined interior replete
of materials with noble finish and
fabric of excellent quality
the 208 is the only model in the ba
offering panoramic glass ceiling is
to regulate the light input in the
vehicle interior
thanks to the closing or opening of the
ceiling curtain or pejotização
their experience to develop a
new high-level synthesis on the
dynamic behavior for a
idea of ​​enriching the notion of the pleasure of
driving
the front suspension pseudo macpherson
to bring with deformable liner and
springs and shock absorbers with a calibration
specific for road
Brazilian companies guarantee a
that works with the best
compromise between comfort and
modernity of the new
hatch beck da pejô is perceived as well
by means of a new generation of engines
modern and reliable 1.58 flex valves
which favors low consumption and
protecting utilization efficiency
pleasure in driving and 1.6 16 valves flex
performance benchmark and
the 1.5-liter engine
range of products and develop 93
horsepower with ethanol at
5,500 rpm and the maximum torque is 14.2
when supplied with ethanol
3000 st
however 86% of the touch is already available
only 2000 rpm
already the 1.6 propeller has solutions
common in Brazilian engines that
provide an excellent balance
torque between power savings as the
engine block in aluminum an innovative
flex start system
this system eliminates the
in the engine compartment.
motor
known as tanquinho discarding the
need for this fuel to
cold start this propellant
produces 122 horsepower at 5,800
rpm when fueled with ethanol and
maximum torque from 16.4 mkgf to 4000 rpm
the 208 offers two exchange options one
5-speed manual transmission at
front and an automatic transmission
sequence that allows the exchange of
gears on the gearshift lever itself or
by means of paddle shifts in the
this board exclusively
1.6 flex engine 208 benefits from a
active high passive safety
has deformation structure
dual front air bag programmable
abs braking system with splitter
braking electronics among others
the model will be offered in three versions
finishing and active allure
equipped with the engine 1.5 l eight
valves and fittings attached to the
1.6 l flex and manual gearbox and
automatic
pj provides a wide range of
colors to the Brazilian consumer
nine in total plus three years of
full warranty and after sales services
very competitive as a service
exclusive assistance of the
available free of charge throughout the country
24 hours a day and reviews with
fixed one of the lowest among their
competitors